Okay,
So now we are getting into the hybrid cloud.
So say you have an on-premises data center.
This is your own data center,
and you want to connect it to the cloud, to your VPC.
For this, you have two options.
Number one is to use a site-to-site VPN.
This is to connect your on-premises VPN to AWS.
And what is a VPN?
Well, it is a connection
between your on-premises data center
and VPC that is going to be encrypted,
and that goes over the public internet.
So this looks like this.
Your on-premises data center
will connect to your VPC through the public internet,
and then it will be encrypted.
So no one else can access to communication.
So this is very good because it can be set up very quickly.
In about five minutes,
you can have a connection between your data center in AWS.
But it goes over the public internet,
so you may have some limited bandwidth
and you may have some security concerns,
even though it is obviously encrypted.
The other option is to use direct connect or DX.
Direct connect, is to establish
a natural physical connection
between your on-premises data center and AWS.
And then the connection is going to be
private, secure and fast.
And it will go over the private network.
And that's going to be a lot more expensive
because you have to do a physical connection
between yourself and a direct connect partner into AWS.
And they will take at least a month to establish this.
But it's going to be more private
and obviously faster and more reliable.
So from an exam perspective,
they will ask you if it's a site-to-site VPN,
you should choose or a direct connect
to connect between your on-premises data center and AWS.
And it really depends on two factors.
Number one, is it going to be private or not?
And number two is,
does it need to be established fast or not.
And from these information's,
you should be able to select either the site-to-site VPN
or direct connect.
Now, just a little bit more details on site-to-site VPN,
so, it is to connect your corporate data center to your VPC.
For example, you see two instances running
in your private sub-net.
So for this, to establish a site-to-site VPN,
we need on-premises a customer gateway or CGW,
and that's something you have to remember at the exam.
So it's a customer gateway, or CGW and then
on the AWS site you will need virtual private gateway,
or VGW and once the two things are provisioned and created,
then you can connect them together using a site-to-site VPN.
And this is how site-to-site VPN is implemented
over the public internet.
So remember going into the exam,
customer gateway and virtual private gateway
are needed to establish a site-to-site VPN.
That's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
and I will see you in the next lecture.